Add suport for linux and Darwin arm64/aarch64 (#50)
openpubkey/opkssh: README.md

To install on linux run:

```bash
curl -L https://github.com/openpubkey/opkssh/releases/latest/download/opkssh-linux-$(uname -p) -o opkssh; chmod +x opkssh

> ```

Reviewer: On ubuntu and centos `uname -p` resolves to `x86_64` not `arm64` which breaks the install

To install on linux run:

```bash

> curl -L https://github.com/openpubkey/opkssh/releases/latest/download/opkssh-linux-$(uname -p) -o opkssh; chmod +x opkssh

Reviewer: This doesn't work on amd64 (x86_64)

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/08e9600b-af4f-46ca-bdce-9a5293156ec9)

Maybe just change this to say for amd64 do X and for arm64 do X

> curl -L https://github.com/openpubkey/opkssh/releases/latest/download/opkssh-linux-$(uname -p) -o opkssh; chmod +x opkssh

Reviewer: ```suggestion
curl -L https://github.com/openpubkey/opkssh/releases/latest/download/opkssh-linux-amd64 -o opkssh; chmod +x opkssh

or for ARM
curl -L https://github.com/openpubkey/opkssh/releases/latest/download/opkssh-linux-arm64 -o opkssh; chmod +x opkssh
```
